Add docs copy to examples (#1259)
mastra-ai/mastra: docs/src/pages/examples/llms/generate-text.mdx

# Generate Text

> This example demonstrates how to interact with OpenAI’s GPT-4 language model through the Mastra library for basic text generation. After providing a prompt—in this case, "What is a wormhole?"—the GPT-4 model returns a textual response that you can handle programmatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to interact with OpenAI’s GPT-4 model for basic text generation. When provided a prompt, the GPT-4 returns a text response.
```
